Improve `as_schedule_cron_action()` Descriptiom (#804)
Prospress/action-scheduler: docs/api.md

### Description

> Schedule an action that recurs on a cron-like schedule. Use this function instead of `as_schedule_recurring_action()` when you need to recur a function at the same time like "2022-02-20 00:00:00 +0000" because using `as_schedule_recurring_action()` may be delayed for execution every time it running so the next schedule will be delayed also.

Reviewer: Thanks for this!

```suggestion
Schedule an action that recurs on a cron-like schedule. 

If execution of a cron-like action is delayed, the next attempt will still be scheduled according to the provided cron expression.
```

I wonder if something slightly simpler, like the above, might be slightly less ambiguous on a couple of points (especially the fact that execution of *any* type of action can potentially be delayed, so we don't want anything that might suggest this function offers some sort of guarantee to the contrary).
